Updating devcontainer.json and README.md (#22984)
microsoft/vscode-python: README.md

# Python extension for Visual Studio Code

> A [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode) with rich support for the [Python language](https://www.python.org/) (for all [actively supported Python versions](https://devguide.python.org/versions/#supported-versions)), including features such as IntelliSense (Pylance), debugging (Python Debugger), code navigation, refactoring, variable explorer, test explorer, and more!

Author: @luabud Took an attempt at mentioning extensibility and plugins in the description. Thoughts? 
```suggestion
A [Visual Studio Code](https://code.visualstudio.com/) [extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/VSCode) with rich support for the [Python language](https://www.python.org/) (for all [actively supported Python versions](https://devguide.python.org/versions/#supported-versions)), providing access points for extensions to seamlessly integrate and offer support for IntelliSense (Pylance), debugging (Python Debugger), formatting, linting, code navigation, refactoring, variable explorer, test explorer, and more!
```

Reviewer: oh fantastic!

These extensions are optional dependencies, meaning the Python extension will remain fully functional if they fail to be installed. Any or all of these extensions can be [disabled](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_disable-an-extension) or [uninstalled](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/extension-marketplace#_uninstall-an-extension) at the expense of some features. Extensions installed through the marketplace are subject to the [Marketplace Terms of Use](https://cdn.vsassets.io/v/M146_20190123.39/_content/Microsoft-Visual-Studio-Marketplace-Terms-of-Use.pdf).

## Extensibility 

> To further improve your Python development experience, you can install various extensions to extend functionality in various feature areas. These extensions are all optional and depend on your project configuration and preferences. 

Author: ```suggestion
The Python extension provides pluggable access points for extensions that extend various feature areas to further improve your Python development experience. These extensions are all optional and depend on your project configuration and preferences. 
```

- [Python formatters](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/formatting#_choose-a-formatter)
- [Python linters](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/python/linting#_choose-a-linter)

If you encounter issues with any of the listed extensions, please file an issue in its corresponding repo. 

> 

Author: @luabud @karthiknadig Thoughts on an "extensibility" section we can add to? Open to re-naming, re-wording, etc.!

Reviewer 2: I think this looks good.
